# How to Contribute

We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. There are
just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## Contributor License Agreement

Contributions to this project must be accompanied by a Contributor License
Agreement. You (or your employer) retain the copyright to your contribution,
this simply gives us permission to use and redistribute your contributions as
part of the project. Head over to <https://cla.developers.google.com/> to see
your current agreements on file or to sign a new one.

You generally only need to submit a CLA once, so if you've already submitted one
(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Filing bugs

If you've found a issue, please do file a bug for us. We ask that you include
some information (included in the new issue template) so that we can reproduce
and fix the problem.

Occasionally we'll close issues if they appear stale or are too vague - please
don't take this personally! Please feel free to re-open issues we've closed if
there's something we've missed and they still need to be addressed.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

Note that we request issues to be filed for all pull requests. To start, open
an issue describing the problem you're looking to solve (or locate an existing
issue that represents the problem). Include your approach to solving the
problem as this makes it easier to have a conversation about the best general
approach.

Please include tests in your pull request.

We recommend making your pull request from a fork. See [creating a pull
request from a
fork](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/)
for more information.

## Stability

It’s important that our users can depend on our product, and not to worry
about changes in model-viewer causing regressions in their use of the
component. However, it’s also important that we continue to improve
model-viewer, making changes to improve ergonomics and rendering quality.

To this end <model-viewer> will adhere to [semver](https://semver.org). We
consider the API as documented on [modelviewer.dev](https://modelviewer.dev)
our public API.

We'll also strive to keep rendering changes in the spirit of semver - although
most of our rendering changes are likely to be increased adherence to PBR,
which we wouldn't consider to be an incompatible change for purposes of
semver.
